.rn '' }`
''' $RCSfile$$Revision$$Date$
'''
''' $Log$
'''
.de Sh
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.de Vb
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve
.ft R

.fi
..
'''
'''
'''     Set up \*(-- to give an unbreakable dash;
'''     string Tr holds user defined translation string.
'''     Bell System Logo is used as a dummy character.
'''
.tr \(*W-|\(bv\*(Tr
.ie n \{\
.ds -- \(*W-
.ds PI pi
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\" diablo 12 pitch
.ds L" ""
.ds R" ""
'''   \*(M", \*(S", \*(N" and \*(T" are the equivalent of
'''   \*(L" and \*(R", except that they are used on ".xx" lines,
'''   such as .IP and .SH, which do another additional levels of
'''   double-quote interpretation
.ds M" """
.ds S" """
.ds N" """""
.ds T" """""
.ds L' '
.ds R' '
.ds M' '
.ds S' '
.ds N' '
.ds T' '
'br\}
.el\{\
.ds -- \(em\|
.tr \*(Tr
.ds L" ``
.ds R" ''
.ds M" ``
.ds S" ''
.ds N" ``
.ds T" ''
.ds L' `
.ds R' '
.ds M' `
.ds S' '
.ds N' `
.ds T' '
.ds PI \(*p
'br\}
.\"	If the F register is turned on, we'll generate
.\"	index entries out stderr for the following things:
.\"		TH	Title 
.\"		SH	Header
.\"		Sh	Subsection 
.\"		Ip	Item
.\"		X<>	Xref  (embedded
.\"	Of course, you have to process the output yourself
.\"	in some meaninful fashion.
.if \nF \{
.de IX
.tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.nr % 0
.rr F
.\}
.TH LINPOPUP 1 "LinPopUp Version 1.2.0" "14/Mar/2000" "LinPopUp User's Manual"
.UC
.if n .hy 0
.if n .na
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.de CQ          \" put $1 in typewriter font
.ft CW
'if n "\c
'if t \\&\\$1\c
'if n \\&\\$1\c
'if n \&"
\\&\\$2 \\$3 \\$4 \\$5 \\$6 \\$7
'.ft R
..
.\" @(#)ms.acc 1.5 88/02/08 SMI; from UCB 4.2
.	\" AM - accent mark definitions
.bd B 3
.	\" fudge factors for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds #H 0
.	ds #V .8m
.	ds #F .3m
.	ds #[ \f1
.	ds #] \fP
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds #H ((1u-(\\\\n(.fu%2u))*.13m)
.	ds #V .6m
.	ds #F 0
.	ds #[ \&
.	ds #] \&
.\}
.	\" simple accents for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds ' \&
.	ds ` \&
.	ds ^ \&
.	ds , \&
.	ds ~ ~
.	ds ? ?
.	ds ! !
.	ds /
.	ds q
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds ' \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\'\h"|\\n:u"
.	ds ` \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\`\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'^\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds , \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)',\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu-\*(#H-.1m)'~\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ? \s-2c\h'-\w'c'u*7/10'\u\h'\*(#H'\zi\d\s+2\h'\w'c'u*8/10'
.	ds ! \s-2\(or\s+2\h'-\w'\(or'u'\v'-.8m'.\v'.8m'
.	ds / \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\z\(sl\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds q o\h'-\w'o'u*8/10'\s-4\v'.4m'\z\(*i\v'-.4m'\s+4\h'\w'o'u*8/10'
.\}
.	\" troff and (daisy-wheel) nroff accents
.ds : \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H+.1m+\*(#F)'\v'-\*(#V'\z.\h'.2m+\*(#F'.\h'|\\n:u'\v'\*(#V'
.ds 8 \h'\*(#H'\(*b\h'-\*(#H'
.ds v \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\v'-\*(#V'\*(#[\s-4v\s0\v'\*(#V'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds _ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H+(\*(#F*2/3))'\v'-.4m'\z\(hy\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds . \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)'\v'\*(#V*4/10'\z.\v'-\*(#V*4/10'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds 3 \*(#[\v'.2m'\s-2\&3\s0\v'-.2m'\*(#]
.ds o \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu+\w'\(de'u-\*(#H)/2u'\v'-.3n'\*(#[\z\(de\v'.3n'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds d- \h'\*(#H'\(pd\h'-\w'~'u'\v'-.25m'\f2\(hy\fP\v'.25m'\h'-\*(#H'
.ds D- D\\k:\h'-\w'D'u'\v'-.11m'\z\(hy\v'.11m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds th \*(#[\v'.3m'\s+1I\s-1\v'-.3m'\h'-(\w'I'u*2/3)'\s-1o\s+1\*(#]
.ds Th \*(#[\s+2I\s-2\h'-\w'I'u*3/5'\v'-.3m'o\v'.3m'\*(#]
.ds ae a\h'-(\w'a'u*4/10)'e
.ds Ae A\h'-(\w'A'u*4/10)'E
.ds oe o\h'-(\w'o'u*4/10)'e
.ds Oe O\h'-(\w'O'u*4/10)'E
.	\" corrections for vroff
.if v .ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\s-2\u~\d\s+2\h'|\\n:u'
.if v .ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'\v'-.4m'^\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.	\" for low resolution devices (crt and lpr)
.if \n(.H>23 .if \n(.V>19 \
\{\
.	ds : e
.	ds 8 ss
.	ds v \h'-1'\o'\(aa\(ga'
.	ds _ \h'-1'^
.	ds . \h'-1'.
.	ds 3 3
.	ds o a
.	ds d- d\h'-1'\(ga
.	ds D- D\h'-1'\(hy
.	ds th \o'bp'
.	ds Th \o'LP'
.	ds ae ae
.	ds Ae AE
.	ds oe oe
.	ds Oe OE
.\}
.rm #[ #] #H #V #F C
.SH "NAME"
LinPopUp \- A Linux port of Winpopup, running over Samba.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBlinpopup\fR [ \fB\-min\fR ] [ \fB\-info\fR ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBLinPopUp\fR is a Xwindow port of Winpopup, running over Samba.
It permits to communicate with a Windows computer that runs Winpopup,
sending or receiving message. (It also provides an alternative way
to communicate between Linux computers that run Samba).
.SH "OPTIONS"
.Ip "\fB\-min\fR" 8
Will start LinPopUp minimized. LinPopUp will maximize itself each time 
a new message arrives. This feature was specially implemented to
automatically start LinPopUp via .Xclient or .xinitrc file.
.Ip "\fB\-info\fR" 8
LinPopUp will give some useful information about system configuration and
immediately exits. Use it if something goes wrong or/and when reporting a
bug.
.SH "FILES"
.Ip "\fI\s-1/var/lib/linpopup/messages.dat\s0\fR" 0
Where message are kept.
.Ip "\fI~/.linpopuprc\fR " 0
Configuration file, where the preferences are stored. Not an \s-1ASCII\s0 file, 
so don't try to edit it.
.Ip "\fI~.linpopup.history\fR History file where are kept last used send address. Will be automatically created/updated." 0
.SH "INSTALLATION"
To be able to receive messages that are sent to you, you will need to
edit the \fBsmb.conf\fR file (generally found in /etc directory) and to add
this line to the \fB[global settings]\fR section :
.PP
\fBmessage command = /usr/local/bin/linpopup \*(L"%f" \*(L"%m\*(R" %s; rm %s\fR
.PP
\fBPLEASE NOTE\fR that \fB\*(R"\fR%f\fB\*(R"\fR is not the same thing as \f(CW%f\fR , \fB\*(R'\fR%f\fB\*(R'\fR 
or \fB`\fR%f\fB`\fR. If you enter a wrong message command, you will probably 
not receive some (only a few in fact) of the messages that are sent to you.
 
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
Running LinPopUp with three arguments may give imprevisible results. Only 
Samba can run it this way via the message command.
.SH "NOTES"
.Sh "Receiving message :"
LinPopUp doesn't need to always run. If you close it, it will continues to 
receive all messages that are send to you. You can even quit Xwindow, 
and still receive messages. In fact, the only way to miss a message that 
was sent to you is to have your computer turned off.
.Sh "Message management :"
Messages are kept from session to session. You will always retrieve a 
message that was sent to you, ... if you have not deleted it. 
.Sh "More help :"
You will obtain more information about using and configuring LinPopUp 
by running it under Xwindow and looking at the \fBHelp menu\fR.
.Sh "Requirements :"
\fBSamba\fR as well as the Gimp ToolKit \fB\s-1GTK\s0+\fR >= 1.2.0 are required. 
.SH "BUGS"
None known, ...  that I was able to reproduce ;\-)
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
\fBLinPopUp Copyright (C)1998-1999 Little Igloo Org\fR is freely distributable 
under the \fBGNU Public License\fR, a copy of which you should have received 
with this software (in a file called \fICOPYING\fR).
.SH "AVAILABILITY"
You can get the last LinPopUp version, sources or binaries distribution,
RedHat or Debian Packages, at : \fIhttp://www.littleigloo.org\fR
.SH "AUTHORS"
Jean-Marc Jacquet <jm@littleigloo.org>
.br
Grigory Batalov <bga@altlinux.org>
.SH "CREDITS"
This man page was originally writen by \fBPaul Slootman\fR <paul@debian.org>.
But, as I made some changes to it, any grammar/spelling errors are exclusively
copyrighted by \fBME\fR. 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fIsamba\fR(7), \fIsmbclient\fR(1), \fIsmb.conf\fR(5), \fItestparm\fR(1).

.rn }` ''
.IX Title "LINPOPUP 1"
.IX Name "LinPopUp - A Linux port of Winpopup, running over Samba."

.IX Header "NAME"

.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"

.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"

.IX Header "OPTIONS"

.IX Item "\fB\-min\fR"

.IX Item "\fB\-info\fR"

.IX Header "FILES"

.IX Item "\fI\s-1/var/lib/linpopup/messages.dat\s0\fR"

.IX Item "\fI~/.linpopuprc\fR "

.IX Item "\fI~.linpopup.history\fR History file where are kept last used send address. Will be automatically created/updated."

.IX Header "INSTALLATION"

.IX Header "RESTRICTIONS"

.IX Header "NOTES"

.IX Subsection "Receiving message :"

.IX Subsection "Message management :"

.IX Subsection "More help :"

.IX Subsection "Requirements :"

.IX Header "BUGS"

.IX Header "COPYRIGHT"

.IX Header "AVAILABILITY"

.IX Header "AUTHOR"

.IX Header "CREDITS"

.IX Header "SEE ALSO"

